1. Prepare Your USB Drive
Format the USB Drive:

On Windows: Right-click the drive in File Explorer, select Format, and choose FAT32 or NTFS.
On macOS: Use Disk Utility to format the drive as FAT32 or ExFAT.
On Linux: Use gparted or the mkfs command.
Download the Repository Files:

Clone or download the repository files from GitHub and extract them to the USB drive.
2. Install Necessary Software
Make sure the computer you’ll use has the required VPN software.

Install OpenVPN or WireGuard:
On Windows: Download and install OpenVPN or WireGuard.
On Linux: Use your package manager:
bash
Copy code
sudo apt update && sudo apt install openvpn
On macOS: Install via Homebrew:
bash
Copy code
brew install openvpn
3. Configure the VPN Server
Set Up Keys and Certificates:

Generate server certificates and keys using OpenVPN’s EasyRSA or WireGuard tools.
Place them in a keys/ folder on the USB drive.
Example structure:
perl
Copy code
USB/
├── start_server.bat
├── start_server.sh
├── server.ovpn
├── keys/
│   ├── server.key
│   ├── server.crt
│   ├── ca.crt
│   └── dh.pem
Edit the Configuration Files:

Open the server.ovpn file and update the settings:
Server IP/Port: Replace 0.0.0.0 with your server’s public IP and specify a port.
Path to Keys: Ensure paths in the config point to the keys in the keys/ folder.
4. Deploy the Server
Windows:

Double-click start_server.bat on the USB. This runs a script to start the OpenVPN server.
Ensure the VPN server shows a confirmation message like "Server Started Successfully."
Linux/macOS:

Open the terminal, navigate to the USB directory, and run:
bash
Copy code
./start_server.sh
Ensure proper permissions are set:
bash
Copy code
chmod +x start_server.sh
5. Client Configuration
Generate Client Config Files:

Create .ovpn files for clients to connect to your VPN server.
Include your server’s public IP address and the client’s private keys.
Distribute Client Files:

Share the .ovpn file with devices that will connect to the VPN.
Connect to the VPN:

Import the .ovpn file in the OpenVPN client or WireGuard client on the device.
6. Test the Setup
Server Test:

Ensure the server runs and listens on the designated port.
Use a tool like netstat or nmap to confirm.
Client Test:

Connect using the .ovpn file from a remote location.
Verify internet traffic routes through the VPN server.
